I always seemed to see her by chance
That cute girl on the bus
Without even knowing who she is,
I fell in love
Even if I rode at the same time
Sometimes she was there,
sometimes she wasn't
That alone was enough to make me happy
Then, by chance,
I saw something shocking on TV
The girl singing and dancing
It was her!
Her name is SUZUKA (SUZUKA)
That's how I found out, SUZUKA (SUZUKA)
I never thought something like this
could really happen
Though my love won't come true,
SUZUKA (SUZUKA)
Somehow, I'm happy, SUZUKA (SUZUKA)
From now on,
I'll be cheering for you from this side
I never imagined
you'd still be riding the bus
I was really surprised to see you there
Does everyone else realize?
Blending in among the passengers
That naturalness must be
the secret to your popularity
For a moment,
I thought about calling out to you
But I decided to protect your private moment
Your nickname is Suzy (Suzy)
I found out later, Suzy (Suzy)
Right in front of me
is a Hinatazaka member
Now I'm your fan, Suzy (Suzy)
You're so far away, Suzy (Suzy)
Even if we meet again someday,
I'll pretend not to know you
I searched for
all sorts of things about you online
The origin of your name, Suzuka,
comes from a circuit
You love highways,
and your "loser" persona suits you so well
Yeah, I want to know
even more about you as an Ohisama
Then, by chance,
I saw something shocking on TV
The girl singing and dancing
It was her
It was her!
Her name is SUZUKA (SUZUKA)
That's how I found out, SUZUKA (SUZUKA)
I never thought something like this
could really happen
Though my love won't come true,
SUZUKA (SUZUKA)
Somehow, I'm happy, SUZUKA (SUZUKA)
From now on,
I'll be cheering for you from this side
I heard it's your first time
Being the center, is it?
Hold that pose! It's so cute!
That's good!
Let me take it from all angles!
Okay, okay, that'll do! Thank you!
Let's eat!
Anyway, what we talked about earlier...
It would be great, right? A song about Suzuka-san.
The MV would be all about Suzuka-san!
Sounds great! "Suzuka! Suzuka!"
Yeah! We've never had a song like that, right?
-It'll also mention that she's called Suzy!
Even if it's good,
would anybody listen to a song like that?
Don't worry! Look,
the stage is ready for you!